{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\comment begin body}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Cohesion and Tension Detection (CAT-D)  {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Draft CAT-D 01.00.00.00 \par
}}Cohesion and Tension Detection (CAT-D)}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2015\mo8\dy28\hr11\min47\sec27}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt TITLE}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version Draft CAT-D  01.00.00.00\par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt CREATEDATE}}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Crystals 256bit Crypto - User Documentation\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Crystals 256bit Crypto - User Documentation}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark \par
}{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Version:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Draft Crystals 00.00.00.01 (1-Sept-2015)\par
}{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPM}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
1. 	Introduction
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 1. 	Introduction}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The Crystal system will hereafter be referred to as "the system".\par
\par
This document describes the system, its user interfaces, programming API and the interaction \par
and integration with other components.\par
\par
Installation of system is described within this document. \par
}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPN}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
1.1	Overview
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 1.1	Overview}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The system has been implemented to search the content of various web sites for specific text\par
and phrases.  This content is further processed, categorised and scored in terms of cohesion and tension.\par
\par
A stand-alone and Web based interface is available, for the configuration of the search tool.\par
User login is required for both the full and demonstrator search.  This requirement is \par
necessary to prevent the tool from being used for malicious purposes.  E-mail confirmation \par
may be used during the registration process to restrict a users account to search a reduced set of domains. \par
\par
Due to the nature of this tool, a scan is scheduled rather than executed immediately.  This allows the software\par
 to limit the amount of Internet traffic targeted at each site to prevent performance\par
impact to a third parties site/service and reduce the likelihood of being mistaken as a denial of service style\par
 attack during the scan.  This could potentially result in the service being blacklisted and prevent future \par
 mining of the site.\par
\par
Once scheduled the scan will be executed on a remote server rather than the users local machine.  \par
This allows the user to continue working without impacting PC performance while a scan is executed.\par
\par
A notification will be posted when the scan is complete.\par
}
\par
 {\qc  Figure 1.0.0 System Architecture Diagram } \par
 {\qc  Figure 1.0.1 WebLab Integration } \par
 {\qc  Figure 1.1.0 Test Tool Initialisation } \par
 {\qc  Figure 1.1.1 Test Tool Ready to Crawl } \par
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "CAT-D_140204ProcessDiagram-v1-3.pdf" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 {\b System Interaction Diagram} }}}\par
Requirements:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab InfoSource login is required for both the full and demonstrator search.\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Restrict user account to search the domain matching their e-mail domain.\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Additional domains can be registered only if e-mail confirmation from the request domain is received.\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab Failed authentication via Liferay login portlet will prevent access to the services offered by the system.\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPO}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
1.2 Guide to the Document
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 1.2 Guide to the Document}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid This document is designed to be formatted as a html document for viewing through\par
a web browser. It is automatically generated using doxygen.\par
\par
\par
It is intended for use by developers and customers to tune system options.\par
\par
\par
This document is split into several sections, including manually generated sections\par
and several automatically generated sections that detail the methods available.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPP}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
1.3	Assumptions
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 1.3	Assumptions}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not applicable\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPQ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
2.	Requirements Mapping
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 2.	Requirements Mapping}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The requirements for the system are mapped to the LLD in this LLD document.\par
\par
This document outlines the system's functional user requirements.\par
\par
It does not specify functional or system requirements.\par
The aim of this document is to specify, and later agree on, the functionality of the system from a user perspective. \par
\par
The requirements specified in this document can broadly be grouped in 4 MoSCoW categories:    \par
\par
Must     \par
\par
Should    \par
\par
Could    \par
\par
Will not    \par
\par
\par
These indicate the priority of each requirement, "must" being the highest priority, and to more clearly define the system boundary.    \par
\par
The functional user requirements of the system are as follows:    \par
\par
1. The system must measure tension.     \par
\par
    1.1. Tension must be measurable using a nominal, dichotomous, and binary scale. For example, "tension" or "no tension".    \par
\par
    1.2. Tension must be measurable on a non-dichotomous ordinal scale. For example, "no tension", "tension", "high tension".       \par
\par
    1.3. Tension must be measurable on a continuous ratio scale. For example, a decimal number between 0 and 1.\par
2.    \par
\par
    The system must measure cohesion.    \par
\par
3. Data sources:    \par
\par
    3.1. The system must include Twitter as a data source.    \par
\par
    3.2. The system should include the Police API as a data source.    \par
\par
    3.3. The system should include authoritative news websites as a data source.    \par
\par
    3.4. The system should include forums (discussion websites) as a data source.    \par
\par
    3.5. The system will not include video, audio, or other non-textual data as a data source.    \par
\par
    3.6. Users will not be able to modify the list of data sources.    \par
\par
4. Query constraints:    \par
\par
    4.1. The system could allow the user to constrain queries such that data is limited (where applicable) to sources of a specific gender. For example, a query could be constrained to tweets from males only.    \par
\par
        4.1.1. The gender of a source will be determined by the system and may not be 100% accurate.    \par
\par
    4.2. Time:    \par
\par
        4.2.1. The system will allow the user to constrain queries using a pre-defined time interval.    \par
\par
        4.2.2. The system could allow the user to constrain queries using an arbitrary time interval.    \par
\par
    4.3. The system will not allow ethnicity to be used as a query constraint.    \par
\par
    4.4. The system will not allow age to be used as a query constraint.    \par
\par
    4.5. The system will not allow socio-economic background to be used as a query constraint.    \par
\par
    4.6. Geographic constraints:4.6.1.Geographic constraints for all sources:    \par
\par
        4.6.1.1. The system must allow the user to constrain a query to use data that is related to a predefined geographic region.    \par
\par
        4.6.1.2. The system should allow the user to constrain a query to use data that is related to a specific area that is bounded by a distance from a central point. \par
}
 {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid For example, within 1 mile of the point 51\'EF\'BF\'BD33'16''N, 3\'EF\'BF\'BD2'44''W.\par
}
\par
4.6.1.3. The system could allow the user to constrain a query to use data that is related to a specific area that is bounded by a complex region. For example, within 10 miles of Cardiff.\par
4.6.2. Extra geographic constraints for Twitter:\par
4.6.2.1. The system must allow the user to constrain a query to use tweets that the system believes to be from a predefined geographic region.\par
4.6.2.2. The system should allow the user to constrain a query to use tweets that the system believes to be from a region that is bounded by a distance from a central point.\par
4.6.2.3. The system could allow the user to constrain a query to use tweets that the system believes to be from a complex region.\par
5.Query reporting: {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid 5.1. The user must be able to specify the frequency of proactive reporting. For example, a report should be generated once per week.    \par
\par
5.2. The user could be able to specify that a report will be generated when a specific trigger occurs. For example, the system could produce a report when a level of tension has been reached under specific query constraints.    \par
\par
    5.2.1. The user could be able to specify the triggers that can be use\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPR}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
3.	Low Level Design Overview
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 3.	Low Level Design Overview}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPS}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
3.1	Description
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 3.1	Description}
In order for the CAT-D system to make predictions on future cohesion and tension levels, the system will perform data analytic comparisons with known, historical data, where predictions are based on previous outcomes given similar trends and input criteria. This is similar to the intuitive nature of the brain which essentially recognises patterns based on previous experience and makes assumptions as to the expected outcome. By matching these trends against historical data the system may be able to quickly draw conclusions as to a predicted outcome with some element of certainty. In the case of a terror attack however, such as that seen on 26th May 2015 in Tunisia, it could been seen that related social media traffic increased dramatically immediately following the attack as you would expect, but petered out rapidly over the following days. There was no detectable indication that an attack was imminent via the twitter data collected within the UK, as one might expect. This trend closely mirrored the content of national news coverage which was possibly only extended due to repatriation timescales. When attempting to identify events of interest prior to an increasedecrease in C&T it is necessary to monitor may sources of social data to ensure representative coverage from the community under analysis. As each community are unique it must be possible to supplement the automated information collection. Additional data added to an analysis job which may be essential for understanding the community but may not be automatically collected by the system. This may be issued to the system as additional RSSWeb sites specifically relevant to the topic or area of interest. For example, the content of a postal flyer may be input into the system as a potential trigger with a 95% population coverage, and a likelihood of consumption score of 18% if issued to an entire community via a postal mail drop. Likewise; minutes of a parish meeting may contain relevant information, the results of which may not be published in a location generally monitored by the system. This documentation must be made available to the system for C&T recalculation. An individual tweet although containing strong sentiment and feeling may only be seen by a small number of followers. Of these follower none of them may be within the area under analysis. This will significantly reduce the importance score of this tweet, such that it may be deemed entirely insignificant. A news article on the other hand is likely to have a wide audience and as such, it\'C2\'92s importance and frequency is most likely to increase. Local radio may also be reporting an issue, or perhaps hosting a live on air debate about a topic of interest. The transcript if this debate could be input into the system using a speech to txt system such as that offered by IBM Watson development cloud for example. Profiling the origin of data utilised during the analysis of C&T, requires the capturing and tracking of all data associated with a task. This includes the initial topic criteria, time frame, location origin, location perimeter or radius and each data abstract used during the analysis. It may also be useful to identify a network of connections between data sources, such as followers and known connections between data sources. Job configuration allows for the selection of an \'C2\'93monitor\'C2\'94 state. This will prompt the system to continually monitor the topics of interest until such time as the job is postponed or deleted. Also a track \'C2\'93historical\'C2\'94 indication will cause the system to analysis in reverse chronological order, beyond the dates specified by the user, using all relevant data collected in the past, where such data exists. This will enable the user to attempt to retrospectively produce a report of change in C&T for a known event. Take for example a, change in school uniform. It may be assumed that any tension associated with a uniform change is solely due to the uniform, however by analysing historical C&T for this school it may be possible to identify that the tension was already there, prior to the announcement. This information may be useful for a number of reasons, but will also enable the long-term effects of such a change to be monitored. Week, month, year or infinite may specified as \'C2\'93monitor_duration\'C2\'94 options Alert mode enables the CAT-D system to notify the user following an indication of change of C&T state. This will need to be adjusted on a per job basis as some topics will detect a more varies change in state than others. An increasedecrease sensitivity control will be used for hysteresis control. A link within the alert message will enable the user to adjust the sensitivity of the ongoing job where applicable.\par
A user will be able to create groups that enable analysis tasks to be combined into relevant categorises. These groups can be made available to other members of an agreed set of users of the system. A group owner will have administration rights for the group and only on confirmation will the subscriber gain access to the jobs classified within the group. A user has the option to hide jobs that are of no interest. This differs from a deletion as the job remains visible to other members of the group. A share option will be provided to enable the user to share results with other members of the system or members of a specific group. To avoid spamming of all system users a opt in system will be configured.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid In addition to capturing Twitter Data, the system is also responsible for crawling a website and extracting a list of linked URLs where a word or phase is found.\par
\par
Search methods,\par
\par
    1. Web based scan scheduler \par
    2. Standalone application (Site Admin Only)\par
}
\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid User Interface Panel to be included in the application portal.\par
Database - customer\par
}
\par
 {\qc  Figure 1.1.1 Database diagram } \par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPT}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
3.2	Disabling Strategy
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 3.2	Disabling Strategy}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid There are no disabling requirements for the system.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPU}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
3.3	Logging Strategy
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 3.3	Logging Strategy}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Logging is achieved via Tomcat Catalina.out.  The system specific components \par
log to the same location for consistency.  By combining the log information within \par
this common file it simplifies diagnosis of interaction between components as the log\par
provide a serialised view of the system and message exchange between components.\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPV}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
4.	Security
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 4.	Security}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid There are no security aspects specific to the system.  However there will exist a username.password \par
based connection within the WebLab GUI interface which may be used during initial configuration of\par
the system.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPW}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
5.	Interactions and dependencies
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 5.	Interactions and dependencies}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The system connects via the Internet to a number of external web sites to analyse each site.  For the system to function each site needs to be up and running.  If access is via a proxy server all necessary configuration parameters must be applied.\par
\par
@note The system automatically sends status reports and results to the parent website.\par
}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPX}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
5.1	Interactions with, and Dependencies on the Existing Systems
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 5.1	Interactions with, and Dependencies on the Existing Systems}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The system has interaction and dependency on existing systems.\par
WebLab Bundle 2.0.1 provides the framework for the system.\par
The system is platform independent.  Refer to the systems requirements section for recommended system requirements.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPY}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
5.2 Interactions with, and Dependencies on new features
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 5.2 Interactions with, and Dependencies on new features}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid As this is a new development there are no specific new features that have any interactions or\par
dependencies with the system.  \par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPY}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
5.2 Interactions with, and Dependencies on new features
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 5.2 Interactions with, and Dependencies on new features}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Recommended system requirements:\par
  CentOS 6.5.\par
  8 core processor/s.\par
  16GB or Memory.\par
  2TB Hard disk.\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPZ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
6.	Design Alternatives and Decisions
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 6.	Design Alternatives and Decisions}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The core of the system comprises of the Orchestration service and the Inferencing System.  These services may\par
exist in a stand alone manor if desired.  The agiSiteCrawler can be used to provide crawled documents to the \par
systems as an alternative to the the full WebLab bundle if desired.  \par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQA}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
7.	Retrofit, Backward Compatibility and Interoperability
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 7.	Retrofit, Backward Compatibility and Interoperability}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQB}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
7.1	Retrofit
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 7.1	Retrofit}
Configuring Distributed WebLab\par
To ensure functionality remains intact during deployment, the supplied WebLab bundle is extracted on each server or VM intended to host one or more components.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Example Configuration.{
\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab Portal  192.168.1.197 Liferay Portal.\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab Processing  192.168.1.112 All Other Web Services.\par
\pard\plain \s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab Crawler  192.168.1.114 Heritrix.\par}
\par}
Pre-requisites Java must be installed prior to running WebLab for the first time.\par
Download and Install Java from {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk7-downloads-1880260.html}}}
\par
Installation of Java on CentOS 6.5 {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid rpm -Uvh jdk-7u55-linux-x64.rpm16:5\par
}
\par
As root user execute the following {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid alternatives -install /usr/bin/java java /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/java 20000\par
alternatives -install /usr/bin/jar jar /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/jar 20000\par
alternatives -install /usr/bin/javac javac /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/javac 20000\par
alternatives -install /usr/bin/javaws javaws /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/javaws 20000\par
alternatives -set java /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/java\par
alternatives -set jar /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/jar\par
alternatives -set javac /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/javac\par
alternatives -set javaws /usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55/jre/bin/javaws\par
}
\par
Add the following two lines to ~/.bashrc {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid export CATD_HOME=/otp/catd\par
export JAVA_HOME=/usr/java/jdk1.7.0_55\par
export PATH=$PATH:$JAVA_HOME/bin\par
}
\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid To apply these new environment variables.\par
 Execute: source ~/bashrc \par
}
\par
Start on the PORTAL Server Once configured and verified, only the Liferay element will be used on this server.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid # Ensure CATD_HOME has been set as described above \par
unzip WebLab bundle into $CATD_HOME\par
invoke WebLab via ./weblab start\par
verify weblab operation via http://localhost:8181\par
stop WebLab via ./weblab stop\par
Launch Only Liferay via ./weblab liferay start\par
}
\par
Moving Heritrix to a standalone server via NFS shared folder.\par
Modify Firewall settings by adding the ports{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab 111(portmapper).\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab 32803(lockd tcpip).\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab 32769(lockd udp).\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
4.\tab 892(mountd port tcp/udp).\par}
Check for Portmapper and mountd via. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid rpcinfo -p 192.168.1.114\par
}
\par
Verify that the shared folder is available. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid showmount -e 192.168.1.114\par
}
\par
Prior to mounting the shared folder via the following command, delete the contents of the mount folder $CATD_HOME/data/warcs including the hidden folder .camel if it exists. {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid sudo mount -o vers=3 -vt nfs 192.168.1.114:$CATD_HOME/data/warcs $CATD_HOME/data/warcs\par
}
\par
From the Portal server (192.168.1.197) check the web connection to Heritrix {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "https://192.168.1.114:8443" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 https://192.168.1.114:8443}}}
 admin/admin\par
Within the Site Job file $CATD_HOME/data/jobs/site/crawler-beans.cxml modify the User Agent to reflect Lynx rather than Mozilla. This enable content extraction from the likes of BBC News which uses JavaScript for many of its articles.\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid "User-Agent", "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; U; Intel Mac OS X 10.4; en-US; rv:1.9.2.2) Gecko/20100316 Firefox/3.6.2 +@OPERATOR_CONTACT_URL@"\par
\par
"User-Agent", "Lynx/2.8.7rel.2 libwww-FM/2.14 SSL-MM/1.4.1 OpenSSL/1.0.0a +@OPERATOR_CONTACT_URL@"\par
}
\par
Modifying the address for each component from localhost to the real IP of the target system. A few files are to be modified $CATD_HOME/conf/configuration.xml\par
Portal Server (192.168.1.197) $CATD_HOME/conf/configuration.xml $CATD_HOME/conf/configuration.xml\par
Properties Bean prop key="heritrix.host" 192.168.1.114 prop\par
Liferay Bean {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid entry key="JAVA_OPTS" value=" -Mnx1024m -XX:MaxPermSize=512m -Dweblab.client.url=http://192.168.1.112:$\{tomcat.http.port\}/exposed-configuration/weblab-client.xml -Dweblab.portlet.filter.url=http://192.168.1.112:$\{tomcat.http.port\}/exposed-configuration/weblab-portlet-filters.xml -Dcom.sum.management.jmxremote -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port:18080 -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=false -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticate=false -Dheritrix.port=$\{heritrix.port\} -Dheritrix.host=$\{heritrix.host\} -Dheritrix.user=$\{heritrix.user\} -Dheritrix.pwd=$\{heritrix.pwd\} -Dheritrix.monitoring.jobs.mapping.file=$\{heritrix.monitoring.jobs.mapping.file\}"\par
}
\par
Crawl Server (192.168.1.114) $CATD_HOME/conf/configuration.xml Heritrix Bean {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid property name="commandLineArguments" value=" --web-admin $\{heritrix.user\}:$\{heritrix.pwd\} --web-port $\{heritrix.port\} --jobs-dir $\{weblab.data\}jobs --web-bind-hosts 192.168.1.114"\par
}
\par
Processing Server (192.168.1.112) Heritrix Bean {
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid property name="commandLineArguments" value=" --web-admin $\{heritrix.user\}:$\{heritrix.pwd\} --web-port $\{heritrix.port\} --jobs-dir $\{weblab.data\}jobs --web-bind-hosts 192.168.1.112"\par
}
\par
Hosts The hosts file /etc/hosts must be modified on each WebLab host to refleact the location of the solr-server and fuseki-server. These are as follow for a default installation, however IP addresses may differ from system to system.\par
From the Portal Server (192.168.1.197) 192.168.1.112 solr-server fuseki-server\par
From the Crawl Server (192.168.1.114) 192.168.1.112 fuseki-server\par
From the Processing Server (192.168.1.112) localhost solr-server fuseki-server\par
Exposed-configuration Portal Server (192.168.1.197) $CATD_HOME/conf/exposed-configuration/weblab-client.xml\par
All references to localhost to be changed to 192.168.1.112\par
Crawl Server (192.168.1.114) No change required\par
Processing Server (192.168.1.112) $CATD_HOME/conf/exposed-configuration/weblab-client.xml\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid All references to localhost to be changed to 192.168.1.112\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQC}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
7.2	Backward Compatibility
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 7.2	Backward Compatibility}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not applicable.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQD}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
7.3	Interoperability
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 7.3	Interoperability}
 {\qc  Figure 1.2.0 Liferay WebLab - Screen Shot } \par
 {\qc  Figure 1.3.0 Heritrix - Screen Shot } \par
 {\qc  Figure 1.4.0 Hawtio - Screen Shot } \par
 {\qc  Figure 1.5.0 Fuski - Screen Shot } \par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQE}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
8.	System Resources, Performance and Capabilities
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 8.	System Resources, Performance and Capabilities}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Performance can be impacted by the following.\par
 - PC Specification and Performance.\par
 - Web Server Specification and Performance\par
 - Internet Connection Speed/Limitations\par
 - Proxy Server Speed/Limitations\par
 - Quantity and complexity of data to be analysed.\par
}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQF}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
8.1	System Resource Usage
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 8.1	System Resource Usage}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Methods can be run simultaneously so could cause substantial impact to loacl PC and \par
Web Server performance, so use of this tool should be restricted to outside of business \par
hours..\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQG}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
8.2	Limitations
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 8.2	Limitations}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid TODO\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQH}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
8.3	Expansion Considerations
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 8.3	Expansion Considerations}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid New methods can be added due to the modular nature of the system.  The system comprises\par
 of a number of web services, the inferencing system and an orcestration service.  The \par
 each service is combined into a chain using Apachie Camel.  These chains can be modified \par
 and enhansed services can be inserted into the chains as required.  \par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQI}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
9.	Reliability
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 9.	Reliability}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The methods have been design to incorporate a standard interface to allow the \par
reporting of failures during test.\par
\par
It is the responsibility of the test developer to ensure this mechanism is implemented,\par
to allow corrective action at the earliest opportunity. \par
\par
TODO Elaborate\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQJ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
10.	User Perspective and InfoSource Impact
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 10.	User Perspective and InfoSource Impact}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not applicable.\par
}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQK}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
10.1	Service Provider
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 10.1	Service Provider}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not applicable.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQL}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
10.2	Subscriber
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 10.2	Subscriber}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid The CAT-D connects to the CAT-D web site in order to verify subscriber details.  Firewall and Proxy Server details must be made available to the tool.\par
\par
    - Subscriber Customisation Information\par
\par
@note The test developer can utilize locally stored files rather than web based files in order to reduce network traffic during debug, development, sanity and soak testing.\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQM}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
11.	Detailed Design
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 11.	Detailed Design}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQN}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
11.1	Overview
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 11.1	Overview}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid ToDo\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQO}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
11.2	Subsystem Initialisation
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 11.2	Subsystem Initialisation}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid CAT-D is a dynamic object and as such needs specific initialisation either from configuration files or default demonstrator files.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQP}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
11.3	Subsystem Interface
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 11.3	Subsystem Interface}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid CAT-D exposes interfaces to the inferencing system and the user interface (UI).\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQQ}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
12.	Scenarios
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 12.	Scenarios}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid ToDo\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQR}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
13.	Test Considerations
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 13.	Test Considerations}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQS}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
13.1	Lab and Tool Requirements
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 13.1	Lab and Tool Requirements}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Server\par
Internet connection\par
Topics of interest\par
Communities of place.\par
ToDo - continue\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQT}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
13.2	Integration Planning
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 13.2	Integration Planning}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Integration testing is performed on a known web site to ensure each method acts as stated in this document.\par
An archive of preious site snapshots and social networking content wil be used to test the reproducability of \par
results for a known outcome.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQU}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
13.3	Stress Testing
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 13.3	Stress Testing}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Minimal stress testing will be performed during the proof of concept phase.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQV}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
13.4	Security Testing
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 13.4	Security Testing}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Minimal security testing will be performed during the proof of concept phase.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQW}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
13.5	Adversarial Testing
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 13.5	Adversarial Testing}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not applicable.\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQX}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
14.	Practice Considerations
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 14.	Practice Considerations}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid With the exception of avoiding sensitive or offensive search criteria as defined within the \par
requirements mapping section 2 subsection 4, there are no specific practice considerations.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQY}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
15.	Assessment of design
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 15.	Assessment of design}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAQZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAQZ}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
15.1	<Subject>
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 15.1	<Subject>}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARA}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
15.1.1	Comparison with Existing Functionality
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 15.1.1	Comparison with Existing Functionality}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Not applicable.\par
}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARB}
{{\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
15.1.2	Use
\par}
{\tc\tcl3 \v 15.1.2	Use}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid ToDo.\par
}
\par}
\par}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAARC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAARC}
{{\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
16.	CAT-D Developers Reading List
\par}
{\tc\tcl2 \v 16.	CAT-D Developers Reading List}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid A number of components and technologies are integrated into the CAT-D system.  The following ordered list, provides recommended reading material.\par
\par
\par
Jenna (Apache)      https://jena.apache.org/getting_started/index.html \par
    RDF         https://jena.apache.org/tutorials/rdf_api.html\par
    SPARQL      http://jena.apache.org/tutorials/sparql.html \par
    Ontology (OWL Models)   http://jena.apache.org/documentation/ontology \par
    Fuseki (SPARQL Server)  http://jena.apache.org/documentation/serving_data/\par
        RESTful (Representaional State Transfer) \par
\par
\par
Key Knowledge\par
Karaf (Apache) small OSGi http://karaf.apache.org (see user/developer guides)\par
    OSGi (book: Enterprise OSGi in Action )\par
\par
Note: Camel is installed onto Karaf\par
Camel               http://camel.apache.org/getting-started.html \par
        (book: Camel in Action) \par
    EIP             http://camel.apache.org/enterprise-integration-patterns.html \par
        (book: Enterprise Integration Patterns by Bobby Woolf) \par
    JMS http://docs.oracle.com/javaee/1.3/jms/tutorial/1_3_1-fcs/doc/jms_tutorialTOC.html \par
    ActiveMQ    http://activemq.apache.org/getting-started.html \par
\par
\par
Portlets (book: Portlets in Action, not recommended)\par
\par
Web Services (book: Java Web Services)\par
    RESTful http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/webservices/library/ws-restful/ \par
        (POST, GET, PUT, DELETE => create, read, update, and delete (CRUD) )\par
        (book: RESTful Web APIs)\par
        JSON (JAva Script Object Notation)\par
            Javascript\par
    SOAP    http://www.w3schools.com/webservices/ws_soap_intro.asp \par
\par
\par
Schema (XML)    http://www.w3schools.com/Schema/ \par
    XML         http://www.w3schools.com/xml/default.asp \par
\par
Spring      http://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/3.1.0.M1/spring-framework-reference/html/overview.html \par
\par
JavaEE\par
    TagLib (JSP)    http://www.tutorialspoint.com/jsp/taglib_directive.htm \par
\par
Liferay https://www.liferay.com/documentation/liferay-portal/6.2/user-guide \par
DOM     http://www.w3.org/DOM/   http://www.w3schools.com/dom/dom_nodetype.asp \par
\par
\par
Nice to Have\par
Maven       http://maven.apache.org/ \par
Tomcat      http://tomcat.apache.org/ \par
Solr        http://lucene.apache.org/solr/\par
Heritrix    https://webarchive.jira.com/wiki/display/Heritrix/Heritrix \par
\par
WebKit http://www.webkit.org\par
}
\par
ToDo - update this list \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Risks and Open Issues{\tc \v Risks and Open Issues}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPH}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Not applicable.\par
Runaway disk ussage: In the event of a circular site crawl it may be nessesary to purge the ActiveMQ message queue. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Acknowledgements{\tc \v Acknowledgements}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPI}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Terms and Abbreviations{\tc \v Terms and Abbreviations}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPJ}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b URI}  - Universal Resource Indicator define the location of a file or resource.\par
{\b URL}  - Universal Resource Locator define the location of a file or resource on a remote machine. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Acronyms{\tc \v Acronyms}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPK}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b CAT-D}  Cohesion and Tension Detection\par
{\b CPU}  Central Processing Unit\par
{\b DDC}  Device Driver Control\par
{\b ACK}  Acknowledgment \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
References{\tc \v References}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAPL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAPL}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Low Level Design Template}  (02-Juen-2014)\par
{\b High Level Design}  (02-June-2014)\par
{\b Message Interface Specification}  (02-June-2014)\par
{\b Developer Tester Notes}  (09-Sept-2014)\par
{\b CAT-D FreeMind Map}  (09-Sept-2014) \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Namespace Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Packages\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the packages with brief descriptions (if available):}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com.crystalwink}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com.crystalwink.crystals}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAMP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Hierarchical Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Hierarchical Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class Hierarchy\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid This inheritance list is sorted roughly, but not completely, alphabetically:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ActionListener
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
ItemListener
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Runnable
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Applet
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
MouseListener
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
MouseMotionListener
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Panel
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Class Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the classes, structs, unions and interfaces with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v File Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
File List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all files with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Crystal.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructureTest.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GraphPanel.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridFrameStructure.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 package-info.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleFrame.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleTileInfo.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileAbstract.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePlacementInfo.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileTest.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Trace.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire.java}}}
 } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Documentation\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com}
{\xe \v com}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 crystalwink}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 crystals}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 crystalscommon}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystals\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GraphPanel}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Crystal}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridFrameStructure}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleFrame}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleTileInfo}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GraphPanel}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileAbstract}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePlacementInfo}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Trace}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid dean.clark \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileTest}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileAbstract}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePlacementInfo}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test}
{\xe \v test}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test.com\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.com}
{\xe \v test.com}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 crystalwink}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test.com.crystalwink\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.com.crystalwink}
{\xe \v test.com.crystalwink}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMO}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 crystals}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test.com.crystalwink.crystals\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.com.crystalwink.crystals}
{\xe \v test.com.crystalwink.crystals}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Package test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}
{\xe \v test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructureTest}}}
\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Documentation{\tc \v Class Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
\par
{
Inherits Applet, ActionListener, and ItemListener.}\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 commonInit}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mainInit}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 init}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 activateWires}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 wireTilesWithCornerSegments}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 wireTilesWithEdgeSegments}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 wireTileNonEdgeSegments}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 linkToAllGreyTiles}}}
 (int aTileIndex, int aSegmentIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 destroy}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 start}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 stop}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 actionPerformed}}}
 (ActionEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 itemStateChanged}}}
 (ItemEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getAppletInfo}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String[][] {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getParameterInfo}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loadTilesURL}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loadHintTilesFromFile}}}
 (String objectName)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loadTilesFromFile}}}
 (String objectName)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GraphPanel}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 panel}}}
\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v actionPerformed\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:actionPerformed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.actionPerformed (ActionEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i e} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v activateWires\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:activateWires}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.activateWires ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal_a1206f1f4daf1ec8d02eb6cc0235d6d38_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v commonInit\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:commonInit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.commonInit ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
commonInit \par
}}
{\xe \v destroy\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:destroy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.destroy ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getAppletInfo\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:getAppletInfo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.getAppletInfo ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getParameterInfo\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:getParameterInfo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String [][] com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.getParameterInfo ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v init\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.init ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal_a671185836d6791dacdc41526978b1f97_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v itemStateChanged\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:itemStateChanged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.itemStateChanged (ItemEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i e} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v linkToAllGreyTiles\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:linkToAllGreyTiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.linkToAllGreyTiles (int {\i aTileIndex}, int {\i aSegmentIndex})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Called from init, this links a tile to all tile continaing a grey edge {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i aTileIndex} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i aSegmentIndex} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid numberOfWiresFound \par
}}}
{\xe \v loadHintTilesFromFile\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:loadHintTilesFromFile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.loadHintTilesFromFile (String {\i objectName})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Import tile details from local file Must configure "Project Properties -> Run -> Working Directory" currently: D: and Settings Documents \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid status\par
}File is of the following form whereby the first line contains the number of hints to follow e.g. 1 139 8 9 1 where: 139=tileId, 8=row, 9=col, 1=90CW rotation \par
}}
{\xe \v loadTilesFromFile\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:loadTilesFromFile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.loadTilesFromFile (String {\i objectName}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Import tile details from local file Must configure "Project Properties -> Run -> Working Directory" currently: C: \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid status \par
}}}
{\xe \v loadTilesURL\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:loadTilesURL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.loadTilesURL ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Import tile details from file \par
}}
{\xe \v mainInit\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:mainInit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.mainInit ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal_a30c373548d349bf70a914808a754f890_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v start\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.start ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v stop\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.stop ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v wireTileNonEdgeSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:wireTileNonEdgeSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.wireTileNonEdgeSegments ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal_a89907bf5792a10cb05ffba6d26836984_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v wireTilesWithCornerSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:wireTilesWithCornerSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.wireTilesWithCornerSegments ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
wireTilesWithCornerSegments once all ties have been added, add connecting wires process corners first, edges second and remaining last. corners(numberOfEdgeSegments==2) only connect to numberOfEdgeSegments=1 and nextToEdgeSegments[2] edgesTiles only connect nextToEdgeSegments[2] to other nextToEdgeSegments[2] (corners done in step above) edgeTiles only connect edgeOppositeSegment to numberOfEdgeSegments=0 Tiles \par
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal_ac9aa24b53594d7980dd0ae997e75088f_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v wireTilesWithEdgeSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:wireTilesWithEdgeSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.wireTilesWithEdgeSegments ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1Crystal_ada017a73a18eeb7c9e134eb2a114418f_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v panel\:com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::Crystal\:panel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GraphPanel}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal.panel{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1CrystalGlobals__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAX_ROWS}}}
 = 16\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAX_COLUMNS}}}
 = 16\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAX_TILES}}}
 = 1024\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAX_WIRES}}}
 = 17408\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAX_NEIGHBOURS}}}
 = 64\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET}}}
 = 8\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET_PROXIMITY}}}
 = 100\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 WIRE_LENGTH_INITIAL}}}
 = 13\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MODE_ELASTIC}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MODE_FRAME_SCATTER}}}
 = 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MODE_FRAME_SINGLE_PATH}}}
 = 2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ModeOfOperation}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MODE_FRAME_SINGLE_PATH}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MAX_COLORS}}}
 = 23\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 maxCornerColoursInUse}}}
 = 4\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 STATUS_OK}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 STATUS_FAIL}}}
 = -1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 STATUS_FAIL_UNAVAILABLE}}}
 = -2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UNLOCKED}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LOCKED}}}
 = -1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LOCKED_EDGE}}}
 = -2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LOCKED_HINT}}}
 = -3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 COLOUR_GREY}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROW_SELECTION}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 COL_SELECTION}}}
 = 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SEGMENT_INDEX_ABOVE}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SEGMENT_INDEX_RIGHT}}}
 = 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SEGMENT_INDEX_BELOW}}}
 = 2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SEGMENT_INDEX_LEFT}}}
 = 3\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v COL_SELECTION\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:COL_SELECTION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.COL_SELECTION = 1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v COLOUR_GREY\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:COLOUR_GREY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.COLOUR_GREY = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v LOCKED\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:LOCKED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.LOCKED = -1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v LOCKED_EDGE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:LOCKED_EDGE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE = -2{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v LOCKED_HINT\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:LOCKED_HINT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_HINT = -3{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MAX_COLORS\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MAX_COLORS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MAX_COLORS = 23{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MAX_COLUMNS\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MAX_COLUMNS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MAX_COLUMNS = 16{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MAX_NEIGHBOURS\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MAX_NEIGHBOURS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MAX_NEIGHBOURS = 64{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MAX_ROWS\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MAX_ROWS}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MAX_ROWS = 16{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MAX_TILES\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MAX_TILES}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MAX_TILES = 1024{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MAX_WIRES\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MAX_WIRES}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MAX_WIRES = 17408{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v maxCornerColoursInUse\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:maxCornerColoursInUse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.maxCornerColoursInUse = 4{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MODE_ELASTIC\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MODE_ELASTIC}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MODE_ELASTIC = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MODE_FRAME_SCATTER\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MODE_FRAME_SCATTER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MODE_FRAME_SCATTER = 1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v MODE_FRAME_SINGLE_PATH\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:MODE_FRAME_SINGLE_PATH}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.MODE_FRAME_SINGLE_PATH = 2{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ModeOfOperation\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:ModeOfOperation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.ModeOfOperation = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 MODE_FRAME_SINGLE_PATH}}}
{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ROW_SELECTION\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:ROW_SELECTION}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.ROW_SELECTION = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v SEGMENT_INDEX_ABOVE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:SEGMENT_INDEX_ABOVE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.SEGMENT_INDEX_ABOVE = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v SEGMENT_INDEX_BELOW\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:SEGMENT_INDEX_BELOW}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.SEGMENT_INDEX_BELOW = 2{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v SEGMENT_INDEX_LEFT\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:SEGMENT_INDEX_LEFT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.SEGMENT_INDEX_LEFT = 3{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v SEGMENT_INDEX_RIGHT\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:SEGMENT_INDEX_RIGHT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.SEGMENT_INDEX_RIGHT = 1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v STATUS_FAIL\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:STATUS_FAIL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.STATUS_FAIL = -1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v STATUS_FAIL_UNAVAILABLE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:STATUS_FAIL_UNAVAILABLE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.STATUS_FAIL_UNAVAILABLE = -2{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v STATUS_OK\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:STATUS_OK}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.STATUS_OK = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v UNLOCKED\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:UNLOCKED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.UNLOCKED = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v WIRE_LENGTH_INITIAL\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:WIRE_LENGTH_INITIAL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.WIRE_LENGTH_INITIAL = 13{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET = 8{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET_PROXIMITY\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::CrystalGlobals\:WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET_PROXIMITY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals.WIRE_LENGTH_TARGET_PROXIMITY = 100{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
Inheritance diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure}}}
 (int verticalTiles, int horizontalTiles, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 tiles[], int ntiles)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Node {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 findSubNode}}}
 (String name, Node node)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initFrame}}}
 (int verticalRowTiles, int horizontalColumnCells)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setEdge}}}
 (int row, int col, int colour)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 defineTileFromFrame}}}
 (int row, int col)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAACZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testFrameSerialisation}}}
 (int verticalTiles, int horizontalTiles)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 drawFrame}}}
 (Graphics offScreenGraphics, Color palate[])\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 arrayIndexWithinRange}}}
 (int row, int col)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetTile}}}
 (int row, int col, int LockLevel, boolean overrideNeighbourProtection)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 hintToFrame}}}
 (int tileId, int rowX, int colY, int orientation)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 verifyFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 randomizeTileUntilValid}}}
 (int rowI, int colI, int MAX_ITERATIONS)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 compareTiles}}}
 ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 aTileReference, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 bTile)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 validSegmentRecursion}}}
 (int input)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 availableColoursFromTiles}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 verifyTile}}}
 (int row, int col)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LINE_LENGTH}}}
 = 6\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CELL_SCALE}}}
 = 6\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 asPoly}}}
 = false\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 randomFillMode}}}
 = false\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl\par
}Stores edge information rather than tiles \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v FrameStructure\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:FrameStructure}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.FrameStructure (int {\i verticalTiles}, int {\i horizontalTiles}, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 {\i tiles}[], int {\i ntiles})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_ae8ebc22121b45938e55024fd7c0af40d_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v arrayIndexWithinRange\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:arrayIndexWithinRange}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.arrayIndexWithinRange (int {\i row}, int {\i col})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v availableColoursFromTiles\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:availableColoursFromTiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.availableColoursFromTiles ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
number of colours available - can be used to verify a match of uncoloured tiles to colours available \par
}}
{\xe \v compareTiles\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:compareTiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.compareTiles ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 {\i aTileReference}, {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 {\i bTile})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a45619076ec93c34383dd335e1c53a75c_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v defineTileFromFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:defineTileFromFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.defineTileFromFrame (int {\i row}, int {\i col})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Defines a tile from the surounding edges. row,col Cell 1,1 will contain the edges in clockwise order 0,0 1,1 2,0 1,0 Cell 1,16 will contain the edges in clockwise order 0,15 1,16 2,16 1,15 Cell 16,16 will contain the edges in clockwise order 30,15 31,16 32,16 31,15\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i row} \cell }{(board dimention e.g 1-16) \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i col} \cell }{(board dimention e.g 1-16) \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Tile \par
}}}
{\xe \v drawFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:drawFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.drawFrame (Graphics {\i offScreenGraphics}, Color {\i palate}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_aa3b5af204483672edcbc587a2e82e0a2_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v findSubNode\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:findSubNode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Node com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.findSubNode (String {\i name}, Node {\i node})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Find the named subnode in a node's sublist. {
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Ignores comments and processing instructions. \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Ignores TEXT nodes (likely to exist and contain ignorable whitespace, if not validating. \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Ignores CDATA nodes and EntityRef nodes. \par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Examines element nodes to find one with the specified name. \par}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i name} \cell }{the tag name for the element to find \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i node} \cell }{the element node to start searching from \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the Node found \par
}}}
{\xe \v hintToFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:hintToFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.hintToFrame (int {\i tileId}, int {\i rowX}, int {\i colY}, int {\i orientation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
randomize frame (only uninitialsed cells) hint: 139 8 9 1 tile: 139 6 12 18 6 {
\par
\pard\plain \s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7\par
}
 16 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 17 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 8 12 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0\par
6=amber 8=orange 12=dark_blue 18=light_blue \par
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_aa16fc4377a290dcc47005c70f9925913_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v initFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:initFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.initFrame (int {\i verticalRowTiles}, int {\i horizontalColumnCells})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
FAILED {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i verticalRowTiles} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i horizontalColumnCells} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a00f0e21a570cb6fbc777a1154acec147_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v randomizeTileUntilValid\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:randomizeTileUntilValid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.randomizeTileUntilValid (int {\i rowI}, int {\i colI}, int {\i MAX_ITERATIONS})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a049761e53c1ac7ab6aa595a46e848d18_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v resetTile\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:resetTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.resetTile (int {\i row}, int {\i col}, int {\i LockLevel}, boolean {\i overrideNeighbourProtection})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Warning: When unlocking a tile you need to considder the impact to neighbouring tiles. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i row} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i col} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i LockLevel} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a2654e5ca0226ba694a7dceb33f4b9ae2_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v setEdge\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:setEdge}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.setEdge (int {\i row}, int {\i col}, int {\i colour})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i row} \cell }{- 0..VerticalRowCells \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i col} \cell }{- 0..HorizontalColumnCells \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid colour if set or -1 if out of range \par
}}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a28759c923e1af5af578428141dfa707a_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v testFrameSerialisation\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:testFrameSerialisation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.testFrameSerialisation (int {\i verticalTiles}, int {\i horizontalTiles})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a03c9e4ae69fe92886b48f022467d1749_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v validSegmentRecursion\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:validSegmentRecursion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.validSegmentRecursion (int {\i input})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v verifyFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:verifyFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.verifyFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Only tiles with all four edqes set First pass, Loop through each full tile looking for any invalid tracking invalid ones Detect invlaid tiles with invalid neighbour and clear common edge -1 Second pass, look through each full tile looking for any invalid tracking invlaid ones PROTECT edge and hint tile edges from clear. check for close match spare tile match and replace appropriate edge or randomly select an edge to clear\par
From here return to ranomizeFrame() \par
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_a0ccb8dcb454e8dd417e858eac3169d73_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v verifyTile\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:verifyTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.verifyTile (int {\i row}, int {\i col})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructure_ab61caa6b8a4621b17a190f5a44a8c9f6_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v asPoly\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:asPoly}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.asPoly = false{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v CELL_SCALE\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:CELL_SCALE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.CELL_SCALE = 6{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v LINE_LENGTH\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:LINE_LENGTH}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.LINE_LENGTH = 6{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v randomFillMode\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructure\:randomFillMode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure.randomFillMode = false{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
Collaboration diagram for test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classtest_1_1com_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1FrameStructureTest__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 beginFrameStructureTest}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testFrameStructure}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testFindSubNode}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testInitFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSetEdge}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testDefineTileFromFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testTestFrameSerialisation}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testDrawFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testArrayIndexWithinRange}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testResetTile}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testHintToFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testVerifyFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testRandomizeTileUntilValid}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAND" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testCompareTiles}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testValidSegmentRecursion}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testAvailableColoursFromTiles}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testVerifyTile}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGridFrameStructure}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetLastColourIndex}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSetLastColourIndex}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testIsColourAvailable}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSetMaxColoursIndex}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testListAvailableColours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testDumpFrameToTxt}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testClearEntireFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSetColour}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testClearGridColour}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetAvailableGridColours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testIsLockedGridLocation}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSelectRandomColour}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testRandomizeUnlockedSegments}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testIsCorner}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testRandomizeGridFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testResetGridFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testResetGridFrameEdges}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAANZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testIsGridCellLocked}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGridCellFullyPlacedUp}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGridCellFullyPlacedDown}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGridCellFullyPlacedGet}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testCellWithMostLockedNeighbours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testScoreLock}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testRowColToSerialisedFrameNumber}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testRowFromSerialisedFrameNumber}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testColFromSerialisedFrameNumber}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testLoadTilesStatic4x4}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testLoadTilesStatic16x16}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetGridIndex}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGridFrameStructureTest}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAOM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSimpleFrame}}}
 ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v beginFrameStructureTest\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:beginFrameStructureTest}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.beginFrameStructureTest ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testArrayIndexWithinRange\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testArrayIndexWithinRange}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testArrayIndexWithinRange ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testAvailableColoursFromTiles\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testAvailableColoursFromTiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testAvailableColoursFromTiles ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testCellWithMostLockedNeighbours\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testCellWithMostLockedNeighbours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testCellWithMostLockedNeighbours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testClearEntireFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testClearEntireFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testClearEntireFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testClearGridColour\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testClearGridColour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testClearGridColour ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testColFromSerialisedFrameNumber\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testColFromSerialisedFrameNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testColFromSerialisedFrameNumber ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testCompareTiles\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testCompareTiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testCompareTiles ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAND}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAND}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testDefineTileFromFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testDefineTileFromFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testDefineTileFromFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testDrawFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testDrawFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testDrawFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testDumpFrameToTxt\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testDumpFrameToTxt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testDumpFrameToTxt ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testFindSubNode\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testFindSubNode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testFindSubNode ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testFrameStructure\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testFrameStructure}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testFrameStructure ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetAvailableGridColours\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGetAvailableGridColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGetAvailableGridColours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetGridIndex\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGetGridIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGetGridIndex ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetLastColourIndex\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGetLastColourIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGetLastColourIndex ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGridCellFullyPlacedDown\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGridCellFullyPlacedDown}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGridCellFullyPlacedDown ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGridCellFullyPlacedGet\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGridCellFullyPlacedGet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGridCellFullyPlacedGet ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGridCellFullyPlacedUp\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGridCellFullyPlacedUp}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGridCellFullyPlacedUp ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGridFrameStructure\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGridFrameStructure}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGridFrameStructure ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGridFrameStructureTest\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testGridFrameStructureTest}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testGridFrameStructureTest ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testHintToFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testHintToFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testHintToFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testInitFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testInitFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testInitFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testIsColourAvailable\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testIsColourAvailable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testIsColourAvailable ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testIsCorner\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testIsCorner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testIsCorner ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testIsGridCellLocked\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testIsGridCellLocked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testIsGridCellLocked ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testIsLockedGridLocation\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testIsLockedGridLocation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testIsLockedGridLocation ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testListAvailableColours\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testListAvailableColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testListAvailableColours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testLoadTilesStatic16x16\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testLoadTilesStatic16x16}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testLoadTilesStatic16x16 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testLoadTilesStatic4x4\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testLoadTilesStatic4x4}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testLoadTilesStatic4x4 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testRandomizeGridFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testRandomizeGridFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testRandomizeGridFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testRandomizeTileUntilValid\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testRandomizeTileUntilValid}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testRandomizeTileUntilValid ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testRandomizeUnlockedSegments\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testRandomizeUnlockedSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testRandomizeUnlockedSegments ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testResetGridFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testResetGridFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testResetGridFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testResetGridFrameEdges\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testResetGridFrameEdges}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testResetGridFrameEdges ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testResetTile\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testResetTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testResetTile ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testRowColToSerialisedFrameNumber\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testRowColToSerialisedFrameNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testRowColToSerialisedFrameNumber ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testRowFromSerialisedFrameNumber\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testRowFromSerialisedFrameNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testRowFromSerialisedFrameNumber ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testScoreLock\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testScoreLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testScoreLock ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSelectRandomColour\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testSelectRandomColour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testSelectRandomColour ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSetColour\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testSetColour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testSetColour ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSetEdge\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testSetEdge}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testSetEdge ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSetLastColourIndex\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testSetLastColourIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testSetLastColourIndex ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSetMaxColoursIndex\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testSetMaxColoursIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testSetMaxColoursIndex ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSimpleFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testSimpleFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testSimpleFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAOM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAOM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testTestFrameSerialisation\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testTestFrameSerialisation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testTestFrameSerialisation ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testValidSegmentRecursion\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testValidSegmentRecursion}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testValidSegmentRecursion ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testVerifyFrame\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testVerifyFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testVerifyFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testVerifyTile\:test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest}
{\xe \v test::com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::FrameStructureTest\:testVerifyTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final void test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest.testVerifyTile ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAANG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAANG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
\par
{
Inherits Panel, Runnable, MouseListener, and MouseMotionListener.}\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1GraphPanel_1_1GraphPanel__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getNumberOfTiles}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GraphPanel}}}
 ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Crystal}}}
 graph)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getTileIndexFromId}}}
 (int TileId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loadTileColors}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Color {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 lookupTileColor}}}
 (int colorRef, Color palate[])\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getActiveWireAngle}}}
 ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 wireInput, int tileId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 addTile}}}
 (int id, int colours[])\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 addWire}}}
 (String from, String to, int len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 addWire}}}
 (int fromTile, int fromSegment, int toTile, int toSegment, int len)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 run}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
synchronized void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 update}}}
 (Graphics onScreenGraphics)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rebalanceX}}}
 (int seg, int orientation)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rebalanceY}}}
 (int seg, int orientation)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mouseClicked}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mousePressed}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mouseReleased}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mouseEntered}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mouseExited}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mouseDragged}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 mouseMoved}}}
 (MouseEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 start}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 stop}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 processEvent}}}
 (AWTEvent e)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 printDateTime}}}
 ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 main}}}
 (String[] args)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static String {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 now}}}
 (String dateFormat)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 tiles}}}
 [] = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_TILES}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 tileLockManager}}}
 = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
(256)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 aFrame}}}
 = null\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 stressModeCheckbox}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 randomModeCheckbox}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 activeWiresCheckbox}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 showTileIdCheckbox}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 drawRotationModeCheckbox}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 wireframeTileModeCheckbox}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 showWiresModeCheckbox}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 runFast}}}
 = true\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GraphPanel\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:GraphPanel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.GraphPanel ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Crystal}}}
 {\i graph})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i graph} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addTile\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:addTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.addTile (int {\i id}, int {\i colours}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i id} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i colours} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid numberOfTiles \par
}}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1GraphPanel_1_1GraphPanel_a605de09330948286b07268e44f8411c0_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v addWire\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:addWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.addWire (String {\i from}, String {\i to}, int {\i len})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Wire refers to a connecting line between two nodes\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i from} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i to} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v addWire\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:addWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.addWire (int {\i fromTile}, int {\i fromSegment}, int {\i toTile}, int {\i toSegment}, int {\i len})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromTile} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i fromSegment} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i toTile} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i toSegment} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i len} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v getActiveWireAngle\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:getActiveWireAngle}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.getActiveWireAngle ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 {\i wireInput}, int {\i tileId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i wireInput} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i tileId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid angleOfRotation \par
}}}
{\xe \v getNumberOfTiles\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:getNumberOfTiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.getNumberOfTiles ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid numberOfTiles \par
}}}
{\xe \v getTileIndexFromId\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:getTileIndexFromId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.getTileIndexFromId (int {\i TileId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i TileId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid tileIndex \par
}}}
{\xe \v loadTileColors\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:loadTileColors}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.loadTileColors ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v lookupTileColor\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:lookupTileColor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
Color com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.lookupTileColor (int {\i colorRef}, Color {\i palate}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i colorRef} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i palate} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Colour \par
}}}
{\xe \v main\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:main}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.main (String[] {\i args}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
main method allows us to run as a standalone demo. \par
}}
{\xe \v mouseClicked\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mouseClicked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mouseClicked (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v mouseDragged\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mouseDragged}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mouseDragged (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v mouseEntered\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mouseEntered}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mouseEntered (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v mouseExited\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mouseExited}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mouseExited (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v mouseMoved\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mouseMoved}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mouseMoved (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v mousePressed\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mousePressed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mousePressed (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1GraphPanel_1_1GraphPanel_a0889f333fc39b33946c9f913276fc927_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v mouseReleased\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:mouseReleased}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.mouseReleased (MouseEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v now\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:now}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static String com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.now (String {\i dateFormat}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v printDateTime\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:printDateTime}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.printDateTime ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1GraphPanel_1_1GraphPanel_a5f5dec8197eb31d03b7eda21fdcea0e0_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v processEvent\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:processEvent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.processEvent (AWTEvent {\i e})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v rebalanceX\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:rebalanceX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.rebalanceX (int {\i seg}, int {\i orientation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seg} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i orientation} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid offset X \par
}}}
{\xe \v rebalanceY\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:rebalanceY}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.rebalanceY (int {\i seg}, int {\i orientation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seg} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i orientation} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid offset Y \par
}}}
{\xe \v run\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:run}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.run ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1GraphPanel_1_1GraphPanel_a2ebb071c32a4700df1319f5a37dfdd67_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v start\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:start}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.start ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v stop\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.stop ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v update\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:update}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
synchronized void com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.update (Graphics {\i onScreenGraphics})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1GraphPanel_1_1GraphPanel_aabfdbfb89086b937460605ea4dd9ed78_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v activeWiresCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:activeWiresCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.activeWiresCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v aFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:aFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 FrameStructure}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.aFrame = null}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v drawRotationModeCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:drawRotationModeCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.drawRotationModeCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v randomModeCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:randomModeCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.randomModeCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v runFast\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:runFast}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.runFast = true{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v showTileIdCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:showTileIdCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.showTileIdCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v showWiresModeCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:showWiresModeCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.showWiresModeCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v stressModeCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:stressModeCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.stressModeCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v tileLockManager\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:tileLockManager}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.tileLockManager = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
(256)}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v tiles\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:tiles}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.tiles[] = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_TILES}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v wireframeTileModeCheckbox\:com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::GraphPanel::GraphPanel\:wireframeTileModeCheckbox}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel.wireframeTileModeCheckbox}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
Inheritance diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridFrameStructure}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GetLastColourIndex}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SetLastColourIndex}}}
 (int lastColour)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 isColourAvailable}}}
 (int tempColour)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setMaxColoursIndex}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 listAvailableColours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 dumpFrameToTxt}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 clearEntireFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setColour}}}
 (int rowX, int colY, int colourIndex, int lockLevel)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 clearGridColour}}}
 (int rowX, int colY)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getAvailableGridColours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAADZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 isLockedGridLocation}}}
 (int rowI, int colI)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 selectRandomColour}}}
 (int rowI, int colI)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 randomizeUnlockedSegments}}}
 (int rowI, int colI)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 isCorner}}}
 (int rowI, int colI)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAED" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 randomizeGridFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetGridFrame}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 resetGridFrameEdges}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 isGridCellLocked}}}
 (int rowI, int colI)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gridCellFullyPlacedUp}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gridCellFullyPlacedDown}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 gridCellFullyPlacedGet}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 cellWithMostLockedNeighbours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 scoreLock}}}
 (int rowTemp, int colTemp)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rowColToSerialisedFrameNumber}}}
 (int HorizontalCellsLimit, int VerticalCellsLimit, int rowNumber, int colNumber)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rowFromSerialisedFrameNumber}}}
 (int HorizontalCellsLimit, int VerticalCellsLimit, int serialisedFrameNumber)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colFromSerialisedFrameNumber}}}
 (int HorizontalCellsLimit, int VerticalCellsLimit, int serialisedFrameNumber, int preferedRowI)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loadTilesStatic4x4}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 loadTilesStatic16x16}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAER" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getGridIndex}}}
 (int ROW_COL_SELECTION, int row, int col, int SEGMENT_INDEX)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAES" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_HINT}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAET" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_EDGE}}}
 = 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER}}}
 = 2\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER_EDGE_HINT_EQUAL}}}
 = 3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_HINT_SEED}}}
 = 4\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 scoreLockMode}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER_EDGE_HINT_EQUAL}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Protected Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nGridRows}}}
 = ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_ROWS}}}
 * 2) + 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nGridColumns}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_COLUMNS}}}
 + 1\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v GridFrameStructure\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:GridFrameStructure}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.GridFrameStructure ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_aef2b185b64a16119fa56c2d42fb05bfa_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v cellWithMostLockedNeighbours\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:cellWithMostLockedNeighbours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.cellWithMostLockedNeighbours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Locks are scored based on considered importance as follows.\par
Any exposed {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_HINT}}} take presidance over all other locks unless additional locks are present.\par
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_HINT}}} & 2 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_HINT}}} & 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_HINT}}}\par
2 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} & 2 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE}}} 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} & 2 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE}}} 3 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} 2 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} & 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE}}} 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} & 2 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE}}} 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} & 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE}}} 1 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}}\par
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_EDGE}}} Alone carries no influance.\par
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED_HINT}}} scores 10 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.LOCKED}}} scrors 3 EDGE scores 1\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid serialisedFrameNumber \par
}}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_a6dc999ca384ff51778db33f95e12ae29_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v clearEntireFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:clearEntireFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.clearEntireFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
clear frame \par
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_a6ee17c6727b9f1a6ac8579c3994f8ccd_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v clearGridColour\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:clearGridColour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.clearGridColour (int {\i rowX}, int {\i colY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v colFromSerialisedFrameNumber\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:colFromSerialisedFrameNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.colFromSerialisedFrameNumber (int {\i HorizontalCellsLimit}, int {\i VerticalCellsLimit}, int {\i serialisedFrameNumber}, int {\i preferedRowI})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v dumpFrameToTxt\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:dumpFrameToTxt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.dumpFrameToTxt ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getAvailableGridColours\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:getAvailableGridColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.getAvailableGridColours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
number of colours available - can be used to verify a match of uncoloured tiles to colours available \par
}}
{\xe \v getGridIndex\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:getGridIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.getGridIndex (int {\i ROW_COL_SELECTION}, int {\i row}, int {\i col}, int {\i SEGMENT_INDEX})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
From 16x16 get grid coordinates \par
}}
{\xe \v GetLastColourIndex\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:GetLastColourIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.GetLastColourIndex ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v gridCellFullyPlacedDown\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:gridCellFullyPlacedDown}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.gridCellFullyPlacedDown ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v gridCellFullyPlacedGet\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:gridCellFullyPlacedGet}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.gridCellFullyPlacedGet ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v gridCellFullyPlacedUp\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:gridCellFullyPlacedUp}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.gridCellFullyPlacedUp ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v isColourAvailable\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:isColourAvailable}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.isColourAvailable (int {\i tempColour})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v isCorner\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:isCorner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.isCorner (int {\i rowI}, int {\i colI})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_afee873bacdc5cb52ad2b7737e4cb4d25_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v isGridCellLocked\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:isGridCellLocked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.isGridCellLocked (int {\i rowI}, int {\i colI})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_af27efaf826f2d33ee75b5c4df3e9a468_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v isLockedGridLocation\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:isLockedGridLocation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.isLockedGridLocation (int {\i rowI}, int {\i colI})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_aa5653bbf030b4adee163d7af856fcaa5_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v listAvailableColours\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:listAvailableColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.listAvailableColours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
number of colours available - can be used to verify a match of uncoloured tiles to colours available \par
}}
{\xe \v loadTilesStatic16x16\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:loadTilesStatic16x16}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.loadTilesStatic16x16 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Static 16x16 tiles for test harness \par
}}
{\xe \v loadTilesStatic4x4\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:loadTilesStatic4x4}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.loadTilesStatic4x4 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Static 4x4 tiles for test harness \par
}}
{\xe \v randomizeGridFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:randomizeGridFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.randomizeGridFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
randomize frame (only uninitialsed cells) Can be called on a partially populated frame \par
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_ab45ef928774f553b6a933afce88dd3a3_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v randomizeUnlockedSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:randomizeUnlockedSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.randomizeUnlockedSegments (int {\i rowI}, int {\i colI})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_acbcd6b67cae0179c78ddd3b5ddb33fd8_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v resetGridFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:resetGridFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.resetGridFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_a09183dbbc830186bf07ca7283e41a069_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v resetGridFrameEdges\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:resetGridFrameEdges}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.resetGridFrameEdges ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_a7eb3a577418741a29034101906f8b6ef_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v rowColToSerialisedFrameNumber\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:rowColToSerialisedFrameNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.rowColToSerialisedFrameNumber (int {\i HorizontalCellsLimit}, int {\i VerticalCellsLimit}, int {\i rowNumber}, int {\i colNumber})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v rowFromSerialisedFrameNumber\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:rowFromSerialisedFrameNumber}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.rowFromSerialisedFrameNumber (int {\i HorizontalCellsLimit}, int {\i VerticalCellsLimit}, int {\i serialisedFrameNumber})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v scoreLock\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:scoreLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.scoreLock (int {\i rowTemp}, int {\i colTemp})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Default Hint First = H=10, E=1, L=3 Edge First = H=1, E=3, L=10 Corners First = H=1, E=10, L=3 HintSeed First = H=3, E=1, L=10 {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i rowTemp} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i colTemp} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockScore \par
}}}
{\xe \v selectRandomColour\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:selectRandomColour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.selectRandomColour (int {\i rowI}, int {\i colI})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_ad82dbe3e4af679473a9baf167a135cbf_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v setColour\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:setColour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.setColour (int {\i rowX}, int {\i colY}, int {\i colourIndex}, int {\i lockLevel})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_a2829f70264bf6e96c2fcf10be947dedc_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v SetLastColourIndex\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:SetLastColourIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.SetLastColourIndex (int {\i lastColour})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setMaxColoursIndex\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:setMaxColoursIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.setMaxColoursIndex ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
on init set limit the number of colours in use \par
}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1GridFrameStructure_a43d53963c0bf3e865f5f95b07c4bfbc3_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v nGridColumns\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:nGridColumns}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.nGridColumns = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_COLUMNS}}}
 + 1{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v nGridRows\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:nGridRows}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.nGridRows = ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_ROWS}}}
 * 2) + 1{\f2 [protected]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER = 2{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER_EDGE_HINT_EQUAL\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER_EDGE_HINT_EQUAL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER_EDGE_HINT_EQUAL = 3{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ORIGIN_FROM_EDGE\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:ORIGIN_FROM_EDGE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.ORIGIN_FROM_EDGE = 1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ORIGIN_FROM_HINT\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:ORIGIN_FROM_HINT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.ORIGIN_FROM_HINT = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ORIGIN_FROM_HINT_SEED\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:ORIGIN_FROM_HINT_SEED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.ORIGIN_FROM_HINT_SEED = 4{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v scoreLockMode\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::GridFrameStructure\:scoreLockMode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure.scoreLockMode = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAEV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ORIGIN_FROM_CORNER_EDGE_HINT_EQUAL}}}
{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1GridLocation_1_1GridLocation__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentAbove}}}
 (int rowInput, int colInput)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAII" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentRight}}}
 (int rowInput, int colInput)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentBelow}}}
 (int rowInput, int colInput)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentLeft}}}
 (int rowInput, int colInput)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 row}}}
 = -1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 col}}}
 = -1\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v segmentAbove\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation\:segmentAbove}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation.segmentAbove (int {\i rowInput}, int {\i colInput})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v segmentBelow\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation\:segmentBelow}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation.segmentBelow (int {\i rowInput}, int {\i colInput})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v segmentLeft\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation\:segmentLeft}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation.segmentLeft (int {\i rowInput}, int {\i colInput})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v segmentRight\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation\:segmentRight}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 GridLocation}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation.segmentRight (int {\i rowInput}, int {\i colInput})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAII}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAII}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v col\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation\:col}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation.col = -1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v row\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::GridLocation::GridLocation\:row}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation.row = -1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1LockManager_1_1LockManager__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}
 (int maxLocks)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setMaxLocksAllowed}}}
 (int maxLocks)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getMaxLocksAllowed}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getLocksInUse}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getLockId}}}
 (int lockIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 isLocked}}}
 (int lockId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 isLocked}}}
 (int lockId, int excludingSemaphoreInc)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 removeLock}}}
 (int lockId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getRandomLockId}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 updateLock}}}
 (int lockId, int lockSemaphoreValue)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getLockLevel}}}
 (int lockId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 increaseLock}}}
 (int lockId, int inncrement)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 decreaseLock}}}
 (int lockId, int decrement)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Lock Manager used to optimize the selection of locked tiles By adding each locked tileId to the {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LockManager}}}, the action of getting a random locked TileId is much quicker that randomly selecting tiles and rejecting them if not locked.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v LockManager\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:LockManager}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.LockManager (int {\i maxLocks})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxLocks} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v decreaseLock\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:decreaseLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.decreaseLock (int {\i lockId}, int {\i decrement})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i decrement} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockLevel \par
}}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1LockManager_1_1LockManager_a534ee858595597c057cd05c44e09a4ce_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v getLockId\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:getLockId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.getLockId (int {\i lockIndex})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockIndex} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockId \par
}}}
{\xe \v getLockLevel\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:getLockLevel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.getLockLevel (int {\i lockId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockLevel \par
}}}
{\xe \v getLocksInUse\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:getLocksInUse}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.getLocksInUse ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid numberOfLocks \par
}}}
{\xe \v getMaxLocksAllowed\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:getMaxLocksAllowed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.getMaxLocksAllowed ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockLimitUserDefined \par
}}}
{\xe \v getRandomLockId\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:getRandomLockId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.getRandomLockId ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid real Id \par
}}}
{\xe \v increaseLock\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:increaseLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.increaseLock (int {\i lockId}, int {\i inncrement})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i inncrement} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockIndex \par
}}}
{\xe \v isLocked\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:isLocked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.isLocked (int {\i lockId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockedState \par
}}}
{\xe \v isLocked\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:isLocked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.isLocked (int {\i lockId}, int {\i excludingSemaphoreInc})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i excludingSemaphoreInc} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockState \par
}}{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1LockManager_1_1LockManager_a25bafa94bd0f996bb94e33f5555c9ca1_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v removeLock\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:removeLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.removeLock (int {\i lockId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid numberOfLocks \par
}}}
{\xe \v setMaxLocksAllowed\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:setMaxLocksAllowed}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.setMaxLocksAllowed (int {\i maxLocks})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i maxLocks} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v updateLock\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::LockManager::LockManager\:updateLock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager.updateLock (int {\i lockId}, int {\i lockSemaphoreValue})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lockSemaphoreValue} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid lockIndex \par
}}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Segment_1_1Segment__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 addWireConnect}}}
 ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 aWire)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setActiveWire}}}
 ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 activeWire)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 selectActiveWire}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 hasActiveWire}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getActiveWireLength}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getActiveWire}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getRandomWire}}}
 ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
 = 4\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 xPointArray}}}
 [] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 yPointArray}}}
 [] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 points}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 colour}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 xPointArrayPrint}}}
 [] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 yPointArrayPrint}}}
 [] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 zPointArrayPrint}}}
 [] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nneighbours}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 connectedWires}}}
 [] = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
[MAX_NEIGHBOURS]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nConnectedWires}}}
 = 0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addWireConnect\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:addWireConnect}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.addWireConnect ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 {\i aWire})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getActiveWire\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:getActiveWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.getActiveWire ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Segment_1_1Segment_a3923255ee679cab4bf57809e97617292_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v getActiveWireLength\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:getActiveWireLength}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.getActiveWireLength ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getRandomWire\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:getRandomWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.getRandomWire ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v hasActiveWire\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:hasActiveWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.hasActiveWire ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v selectActiveWire\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:selectActiveWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.selectActiveWire ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Segment_1_1Segment_ace33a7622e2c10d35c9a8e3180a40cfa_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v setActiveWire\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:setActiveWire}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.setActiveWire ({\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 {\i activeWire})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v colour\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:colour}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.colour}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v connectedWires\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:connectedWires}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.connectedWires[] = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Wire}}}
[MAX_NEIGHBOURS]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v nConnectedWires\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:nConnectedWires}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.nConnectedWires = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v nneighbours\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:nneighbours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.nneighbours}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v points\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:points}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.points = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v segmentPoints\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:segmentPoints}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.segmentPoints = 4}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v xPointArray\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:xPointArray}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.xPointArray[] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v xPointArrayPrint\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:xPointArrayPrint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.xPointArrayPrint[] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v yPointArray\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:yPointArray}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.yPointArray[] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v yPointArrayPrint\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:yPointArrayPrint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.yPointArrayPrint[] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v zPointArrayPrint\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Segment::Segment\:zPointArrayPrint}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment.zPointArrayPrint[] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentPoints}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
Inheritance diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1SimpleFrame__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1SimpleFrame__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleFrame}}}
 ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleTileInfo}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 simpleFrameArray}}}
 [][]\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl Defines a simple 16x16 structure containg tileId and orientation \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SimpleFrame\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleFrame}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleFrame\:SimpleFrame}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame.SimpleFrame ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v simpleFrameArray\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleFrame}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleFrame\:simpleFrameArray}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 SimpleTileInfo}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame.simpleFrameArray[][]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1FrameStructure_1_1SimpleTileInfo__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 tileId}}}
 = -1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAFI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 orientation}}}
 = 0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v orientation\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleTileInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleTileInfo\:orientation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo.orientation = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v tileId\:com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleTileInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::FrameStructure::SimpleTileInfo\:tileId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo.tileId = -1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
Inheritance diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 locked}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 moved}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 moved}}}
 (boolean hasMoved)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}}
 (int tileId, int colours[], int scale)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileScaled}}}
 (int tileId, int colours[], int scale)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getTileColours}}}
 (int colours[])\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initTileColours}}}
 (int colours[])\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAJZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 initTile}}}
 (int tileId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getOrientation}}}
 (int segmentId)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 moveTile}}}
 (int newX, int newY)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getEdgeAdjacent}}}
 (int segmentIndex)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setEdgeOposite}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getEdgeOposite}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getEdgeCount}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 checkForEdgeSegments}}}
 ()\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getSegmentScale}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setSegmentScale}}}
 (int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentScale}}}
)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 WireLinkIndex}}}
 = 3\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment}}}
 {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 tileSegment}}}
 [] = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentCount}}}
]\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 rotationVector}}}
 = 0.0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 xWorldSpace}}}
 = 50.0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 yWorldSpace}}}
 = 50.0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 dx}}}
 = 50.0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 dy}}}
 = 50.0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 lock}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UNLOCKED}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 indexOppositeEdge}}}
 = -1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 nextToEdgeSegments}}}
 [] = new int[2]\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentCount}}}
 = 4\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentScale}}}
 = 14\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UNLOCKED}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 LOCKED}}}
 = -1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TEMPORARY_LOCKED}}}
 = 20\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}} defines the basic 4 segment tile representative of the eternatyII tile.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Tile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:Tile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.Tile (int {\i tileId}, int {\i colours}[], int {\i scale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_abf008fa2cdfd10611c599114be21908d_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v checkForEdgeSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:checkForEdgeSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.checkForEdgeSegments ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_a702ad3991b3ace27f5a96ec1f780ba87_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v getEdgeAdjacent\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:getEdgeAdjacent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.getEdgeAdjacent (int {\i segmentIndex})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getEdgeCount\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:getEdgeCount}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.getEdgeCount ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getEdgeOposite\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:getEdgeOposite}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.getEdgeOposite ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getOrientation\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:getOrientation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.getOrientation (int {\i segmentId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getSegmentScale\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:getSegmentScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.getSegmentScale (){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getTileColours\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:getTileColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.getTileColours (int {\i colours}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v initTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:initTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.initTile (int {\i tileId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v initTileColours\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:initTileColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.initTileColours (int {\i colours}[])}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_ae8545659ec0217b3ac409913a70351e8_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v locked\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:locked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.locked ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v moved\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:moved}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.moved ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v moved\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:moved}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.moved (boolean {\i hasMoved})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_a509819be28dc53aa6dcc256f8a152079_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v moveTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:moveTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.moveTile (int {\i newX}, int {\i newY})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_a4a6ad2a4b18183c78803ac734ab8de57_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v setEdgeOposite\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:setEdgeOposite}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.setEdgeOposite ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_a915febf91c43c5bb58ec753070c532b4_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\xe \v setSegmentScale\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:setSegmentScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
static void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.setSegmentScale (int {\i segmentScale}){\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v TileScaled\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:TileScaled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.TileScaled (int {\i tileId}, int {\i colours}[], int {\i scale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAJW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAJW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1Tile_a32bb7b61979b6fb4bec227118f678d5c_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v dx\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:dx}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.dx = 50.0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v dy\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:dy}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.dy = 50.0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v indexOppositeEdge\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:indexOppositeEdge}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.indexOppositeEdge = -1}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v lock\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:lock}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.lock = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 UNLOCKED}}}
}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v LOCKED\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:LOCKED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.LOCKED = -1{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v nextToEdgeSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:nextToEdgeSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.nextToEdgeSegments[] = new int[2]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v rotationVector\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:rotationVector}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.rotationVector = 0.0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v segmentCount\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:segmentCount}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.segmentCount = 4{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v segmentScale\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:segmentScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.segmentScale = 14{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v TEMPORARY_LOCKED\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:TEMPORARY_LOCKED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.TEMPORARY_LOCKED = 20{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v tileSegment\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:tileSegment}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment}}}
 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.tileSegment[] = new {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Segment}}}
[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentCount}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v UNLOCKED\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:UNLOCKED}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.UNLOCKED = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v WireLinkIndex\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:WireLinkIndex}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.WireLinkIndex = 3}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v xWorldSpace\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:xWorldSpace}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.xWorldSpace = 50.0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v yWorldSpace\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::Tile\:yWorldSpace}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile.yWorldSpace = 50.0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
Inheritance diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1TileAbstract_1_1TileAbstract__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1TileAbstract_1_1TileAbstract__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TileAbstract}}}
 (int tileId, String tileLable, int edges)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getId}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setId}}}
 (int id)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
String {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getLbl}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setLbl}}}
 (String lbl)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getOrientation}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setOrientation}}}
 (int orientation)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 getNumberOfEdges}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 setNumberOfEdges}}}
 (int numberOfEdges)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 Tile}}} defines the basic 4 segment tile representative of the eternatyII tile.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v TileAbstract\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:TileAbstract}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.TileAbstract (int {\i tileId}, String {\i tileLable}, int {\i edges})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1TileAbstract_1_1TileAbstract_a80cb582bdd7e14cc3bc5d4f7666168fa_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getId\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:getId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.getId ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getLbl\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:getLbl}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
String com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.getLbl ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v getNumberOfEdges\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:getNumberOfEdges}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.getNumberOfEdges ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Number of segments configured as an edge colour \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \par
}}}
{\xe \v getOrientation\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:getOrientation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.getOrientation ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Orientation in 4 steps of 90 degrees, where: 0 = no orientation 1 = 90 degrees Clockwise 2 = 180 degrees Clockwise 3 = 270 degrees Clockwise \par
}}
{\xe \v setId\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:setId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.setId (int {\i id})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setLbl\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:setLbl}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.setLbl (String {\i lbl})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v setNumberOfEdges\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:setNumberOfEdges}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.setNumberOfEdges (int {\i numberOfEdges})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i numberOfEdges} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setOrientation\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TileAbstract::TileAbstract\:setOrientation}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract.setOrientation (int {\i orientation})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Orientation in 4 steps of 90 degrees, where: 0 = no orientation 1 = 90 degrees Clockwise 2 = 180 degrees Clockwise 3 = 270 degrees Clockwise\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i orientation} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1TilePlacementInfo_1_1TilePlacementInfo__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePlacementInfo}}}
 (int preferedRowI, int preferedColI, int tileIdFound)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 ROW_INDEX}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 COL_INDEX}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TILEID_INDEX}}}
 = 0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAME" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 tileHistory}}}
 [] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_TILES}}}
]\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v TilePlacementInfo\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo\:TilePlacementInfo}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo (int {\i preferedRowI}, int {\i preferedColI}, int {\i tileIdFound})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v COL_INDEX\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo\:COL_INDEX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo.COL_INDEX = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v ROW_INDEX\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo\:ROW_INDEX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo.ROW_INDEX = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v tileHistory\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo\:tileHistory}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo.tileHistory[] = new int[{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 CrystalGlobals.MAX_TILES}}}
]}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAME}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAME}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v TILEID_INDEX\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::TilePlacementInfo::TilePlacementInfo\:TILEID_INDEX}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo.TILEID_INDEX = 0}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
Inheritance diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1TilePrintableAwt_1_1TilePrintableAwt__inherit__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1TilePrintableAwt_1_1TilePrintableAwt__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 TilePrintableAwt}}}
 (int tileId, int colours[], int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 segmentScale}}}
)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAGX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 PrintTile}}}
 (Graphics graphics, Color palate[], boolean showTileIdCheckbox, boolean drawRotation, boolean asWireframeTile)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Additional Inherited Members\par
\pard\plain 
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Tile defines the basic tile representative of the eternatyII tile with AWT Graphics Print capability.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v TilePrintableAwt\:com::crystalwink::crystals::TilePrintableAwt::TilePrintableAwt}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::TilePrintableAwt::TilePrintableAwt\:TilePrintableAwt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt (int {\i tileId}, int {\i colours}[], int {\i segmentScale})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v PrintTile\:com::crystalwink::crystals::TilePrintableAwt::TilePrintableAwt}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystals::TilePrintableAwt::TilePrintableAwt\:PrintTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt.PrintTile (Graphics {\i graphics}, Color {\i palate}[], boolean {\i showTileIdCheckbox}, boolean {\i drawRotation}, boolean {\i asWireframeTile})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
\par
{
Here is the call graph for this function:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystals_1_1TilePrintableAwt_1_1TilePrintableAwt_a4191482244112f4886871fc2ad4a2004_cgraph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
}\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Tile_1_1TileTest__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 beforeTestInit}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testLocked}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAKZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testMoved}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testMovedBoolean}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testTile}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testTileScaled}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetTileColours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testInitTileColours}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testInitTile}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetSegmentScale}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSetSegmentScale}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetOrientationInt}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testRotationZ}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testThreeDcross14}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testMoveTile}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALM" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetEdgeAdjacent}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testSetEdgeOposite}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetEdgeOposite}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALP" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testGetEdgeCount}}}
 ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAALQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 testCheckForEdgeSegments}}}
 ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v beforeTestInit\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:beforeTestInit}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.beforeTestInit ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testCheckForEdgeSegments\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testCheckForEdgeSegments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testCheckForEdgeSegments ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetEdgeAdjacent\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testGetEdgeAdjacent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testGetEdgeAdjacent ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetEdgeCount\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testGetEdgeCount}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testGetEdgeCount ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetEdgeOposite\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testGetEdgeOposite}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testGetEdgeOposite ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetOrientationInt\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testGetOrientationInt}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testGetOrientationInt ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetSegmentScale\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testGetSegmentScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testGetSegmentScale ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testGetTileColours\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testGetTileColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testGetTileColours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testInitTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testInitTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testInitTile ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testInitTileColours\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testInitTileColours}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testInitTileColours ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testLocked\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testLocked}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testLocked ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testMoved\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testMoved}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testMoved ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAKZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAKZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testMovedBoolean\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testMovedBoolean}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testMovedBoolean ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testMoveTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testMoveTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testMoveTile ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testRotationZ\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testRotationZ}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testRotationZ ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSetEdgeOposite\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testSetEdgeOposite}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testSetEdgeOposite ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testSetSegmentScale\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testSetSegmentScale}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testSetSegmentScale ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testThreeDcross14\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testThreeDcross14}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testThreeDcross14 ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testTile ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v testTileScaled\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Tile::TileTest\:testTileScaled}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest.testTileScaled ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAALC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAALC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Trace__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Static Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHU" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_GENERAL}}}
 = 0x00000001\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_SETUP}}}
 = 0x00000002\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_RELAX1}}}
 = 0x00000004\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_RELAX2}}}
 = 0x00000008\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_RELAX3}}}
 = 0x00000010\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAHZ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_TILE}}}
 = 0x00000020\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_SEGMENT}}}
 = 0x00000040\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_WIRES}}}
 = 0x00000080\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_MOUSE}}}
 = 0x00000100\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAID" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_REBALANCE}}}
 = 0x00000200\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_OUT_OF_RANGE}}}
 = 0x00000400\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static final int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 debugLevel}}}
 = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_MOUSE}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
static int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 activeDebugTrace}}}
 = 0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v activeDebugTrace\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:activeDebugTrace}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.activeDebugTrace = 0{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_GENERAL\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_GENERAL}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_GENERAL = 0x00000001{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_MOUSE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_MOUSE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_MOUSE = 0x00000100{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_OUT_OF_RANGE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_OUT_OF_RANGE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_OUT_OF_RANGE = 0x00000400{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_REBALANCE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_REBALANCE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_REBALANCE = 0x00000200{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAID}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAID}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_RELAX1\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_RELAX1}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_RELAX1 = 0x00000004{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_RELAX2\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_RELAX2}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_RELAX2 = 0x00000008{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_RELAX3\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_RELAX3}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_RELAX3 = 0x00000010{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_SEGMENT\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_SEGMENT}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_SEGMENT = 0x00000040{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_SETUP\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_SETUP}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_SETUP = 0x00000002{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_TILE\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_TILE}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_TILE = 0x00000020{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v DEBUG_WIRES\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:DEBUG_WIRES}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.DEBUG_WIRES = 0x00000080{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v debugLevel\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Trace\:debugLevel}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
final int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace.debugLevel = {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAIC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 DEBUG_MOUSE}}}
{\f2 [static]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAIF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAIF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire}
{\xe \v com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
Collaboration diagram for com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classcom_1_1crystalwink_1_1crystalscommon_1_1Wire_1_1Wire__coll__graph.png" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 neighbourId}}}
 (int knownId)\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Attributes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMG" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fromTile}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 fromSegment}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 toTile}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMJ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 toSegment}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
double {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAMK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 wireLength}}}
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
boolean {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAML" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 wireActive}}}
 = false\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Author:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid Dean Clark deancl \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v neighbourId\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:neighbourId}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.neighbourId (int {\i knownId})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Return the tileId of the neighbouring tile {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i knownId} \cell }{\cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid toTileOrFromTile \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Data Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v fromSegment\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:fromSegment}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.fromSegment}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v fromTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:fromTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.fromTile}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v toSegment\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:toSegment}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.toSegment}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v toTile\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:toTile}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.toTile}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v wireActive\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:wireActive}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
boolean com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.wireActive = false}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAML}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAML}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}
{\xe \v wireLength\:com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire}
{\xe \v com::crystalwink::crystalscommon::Wire::Wire\:wireLength}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
double com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire.wireLength}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAMK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAMK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
File Documentation{\tc \v File Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Crystal.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Crystal.java}
{\xe \v Crystal.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.Crystal}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAC" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
CrystalGlobals.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v CrystalGlobals.java}
{\xe \v CrystalGlobals.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAE" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.CrystalGlobals}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
FrameStructure.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v FrameStructure.java}
{\xe \v FrameStructure.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
FrameStructureTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v FrameStructureTest.java}
{\xe \v FrameStructureTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.FrameStructureTest}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 test.com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GraphPanel.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GraphPanel.java}
{\xe \v GraphPanel.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel.GraphPanel}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.GraphPanel}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GridFrameStructure.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GridFrameStructure.java}
{\xe \v GridFrameStructure.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.GridFrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
GridLocation.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v GridLocation.java}
{\xe \v GridLocation.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAS" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation.GridLocation}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.GridLocation}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
lld.dox File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v lld.dox}
{\xe \v lld.dox}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
LockManager.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v LockManager.java}
{\xe \v LockManager.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAW" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager.LockManager}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.LockManager}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
package-info.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v package-info.java}
{\xe \v package-info.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Segment.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Segment.java}
{\xe \v Segment.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABA" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment.Segment}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABB" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Segment}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SimpleFrame.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SimpleFrame.java}
{\xe \v SimpleFrame.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABD" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleFrame}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
SimpleTileInfo.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v SimpleTileInfo.java}
{\xe \v SimpleTileInfo.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure.SimpleTileInfo}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.FrameStructure}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Tile.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Tile.java}
{\xe \v Tile.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABH" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.Tile}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TileAbstract.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TileAbstract.java}
{\xe \v TileAbstract.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABK" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract.TileAbstract}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABL" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TileAbstract}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TilePlacementInfo.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TilePlacementInfo.java}
{\xe \v TilePlacementInfo.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABN" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo.TilePlacementInfo}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABO" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.TilePlacementInfo}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TilePrintableAwt.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TilePrintableAwt.java}
{\xe \v TilePrintableAwt.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABQ" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt.TilePrintableAwt}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABR" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystals.TilePrintableAwt}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TileTest.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TileTest.java}
{\xe \v TileTest.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABT" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile.TileTest}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABI" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Tile}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Trace.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Trace.java}
{\xe \v Trace.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABV" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Trace}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAAAF" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon}}}
\par
}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Wire.java File Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Wire.java}
{\xe \v Wire.java}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABX" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire.Wire}}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Packages\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
package {\field {\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK  \\l "AAAAAAAABY" }{}}{\fldrslt {\cs37\ul\cf2 com.crystalwink.crystalscommon.Wire}}}
\par
}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}